the whole idea with passports with
purpose came about when we decided that
we wanted to do something that brought
the whole Travel blogging community
together because we had been traveling
and a lot of it had been to developing
countries we knew that just small
amounts of money could help communities
abroad and it's that connection between
being able to have the privilege to see
the world and the resources to make
those places where we've been better
that drives us in year one we have three
weeks of planning and somehow 80 travel
bloggers joined us and we raised seventy
four hundred dollars in year two we set
our sights a little bit higher we
thought we'd raise fourteen thousand
dollars to build a school in Cambodia
and we end up raising almost thirty
thousand dollars the next year we built
25 homes for a community in southern
India each year passports with purpose
grows and it's easy to to fall in love
with something when there's so much
passion behind it I think it gives the
Travel blogging community something to
rally around and feel really good about
we reached hundreds of thousands of
people just through the expanse of our
network and that's really what makes it
work each year travel bloggers go and
procure a prize from a sponsor something
that they're excited about and they they
think they could recommend and then they
ask people to make a $10 donation and
for each $10 donation somebody makes
they're entered to win the prize of
their choice the travel blogging
community has been really supportive of
passports with purpose one in particular
that has helped us last year is a
retreat Oh with loyalty traveler
passports with purpose is promoting an
idea of social responsibility it pulls
the bloggers together to make a
difference there
creating an ability to change lives of
other people and concretely we set our
sights to build two libraries in Zambia
through our partnership with room to
read and through the help of our
community we raised ninety thousand
dollars one of the things that we're
really excited about is that Expedia is
sending Debbie myself and Michelle to
Zambia to actually go for a
ribbon-cutting ceremony at one of the
libraries that we've built the opening
ceremony when we walked into the chiller
lekha basic school this morning is
possibly one of the most emotional
things I've ever had the kids were
standing in a group and the song that
they selling was a welcoming song so a
simple welcoming song but the words they
use treat this as your home we're so
happy to have you here you can't you
can't replace something like that that
was incredible
I don't think they ever had hoped that a
place like this one one day have a
library I think they may have had
offenders to dream about having a
library so to have kids spend time in
the library I think something that moves
my heart but we are in a small way
making a very huge progress in the lives
of the children every year when
passports with purpose picks a recipient
we all just rally behind it and we're
really excited and we know that with
passports with purpose with Expedia and
all the travel bloggers it's going to be
another fantastic year
you